aoe-soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1oqoWW6G76-HLQCgiXCElm4Tjp90XjqoH&export=download
band_of_brothers_1.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1Rg7tr4Bgzi8c3zQ-XDi9hLxt7V-djDJI&export=download
band_of_brothers_2.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1PiLknoe6wv-nZaITPGIa8bE6Tswkyvvm&export=download
bang_boom_bang.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1Mk1iCgP-kiWIbvCVryca6SZw2EZRKhj4&export=download
blackops_soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1tz6geF5xKezXvnk7jICRYtsVnAuCZQQD&export=download
call_of_duty_1.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1O427aY5Sdoj9UFdPPuDu1T1O2ffSodAS&export=download
call_of_duty_2.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1BCSC50HAmNRotoTW1VxLtOYp9Z1vNTeU&export=download
call_of_duty_soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=12Jy1rXxq3bvzU-GtBAJD59h0DB1fKUPq&export=download
d6f-weaponsounds.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1t1icJ8qGhv9gP1HcpFkMus-aAIbxGHlt&export=download
det_pak.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1h7cEjmPwN6ASFmfUvwHPqlG4f8AQ3mkF&export=download
effects_sounds.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1ryH1cOnHDXDsTrBoR0SpDjdhHo1yevaB&export=download
funsounds_for_servers.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=19HbvIE_ci2NkYJMkyZgU778BAFGkUgLg&export=download
funsounds_nuremberg.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=10sbzA0htm92Wu-x0axSCwuON0NknYJ2c&export=download
g2k_funsounds.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1AYiUVY2dH0-RiHFQRq2TJN8nJovlh4QT&export=download
gctc_v1-4.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1GMOebz4Z5ECKSqw6JBnDmuADboA5xzsL&export=download
ger-soundpack_fixed.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1et6Or1YzkvlPJTfYIKCjCW6QvFoShXnm&export=download
german_voicechat.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1wZfDHELbrqIXQ5S7Bc72vd8Ouoj85e1u&export=download
greators_weapon_soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=17BpOgQduVcplhPzuBc_pMD81Q62aMUz0&export=download
halloween-sounds_b1.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=152-Zl1H2eMrh12k6k19ESQFC0G4z3UPi&export=download
halloween-sounds_b1_optimized.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1vqq_-oQEHnXeWna49jFrUaaTZHjGn2OB&export=download
ice-soundpack_1-1.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1KRTWenPbvUSkdmY7qVGWoA7rrWJYgWP9&export=download
left-4-dead_2_v7.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1uiotZTZ7hun-lAR4YEnSBjuGFA-ffNsD&export=download
menu_sounds.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1Hp1R1h0tnAq834X0L_qgPLOauZBOk2zr&export=download
no-mercy_soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1CQ1L-dDLbvkRFXwg14f-4Crd_U8hI6LA&export=download
postal_2.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1gaRNvwZKwmo4Mvgvo1LcVXl6F9FXoYB-&export=download
realistic_gun_sounds_b1.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1vltFXn0C_XlyWUUMd92SiVoLtouNzox_&export=download
realistic_war.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1POwi6fuC5-ZE8EP6qfPvTIxVJipeQovT&export=download
real_soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1Sdz0BTjhbPytamYLDOMNG12QjMKYKMbM&export=download
rtcw_soundpack_nuremberg.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1pISg5faUVm2Dsc9MKXlxiOjLPS_HGO-i&export=download
rtcw_sounds_et_v1.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=153XeUz23yvJNiJEF4KQu9h1iGVtGQiAH&export=download
rtcw_spirit_v2.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1bV8bUaIFolfcoUxUSv6JMCEYW7Hrqch7&export=download
rtcw_voice_pack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1RubtQ0LaQL-WgPVV_wq3F_xPAeijs3Tp&export=download
saving_private_ryan.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1er3k0fRcSRpapDnhmotZbYtwEeDL32WM&export=download
soldier_of_fortune_2.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1m2iMIvwqVCHhDmTp-wcBzeVA4TKaVW1B&export=download
soundpack2.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1V30dTlNT8meIt-DXU_XRgNljIIsyLrQf&export=download
soundpack_1-0.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1kouUYOwbhvywu4gsZcmZnZ7e9cT8k9g_&export=download
soundsupdate.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1rRq7tI1YjVMoJ_t68AS4LRJpid-gc-Mw&export=download
tc_bani-soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1ActBKNpRnjdmZQNzR5mLOmOnRTHq2fZX&export=download
tc_commando.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1tpf0MivApTUJ9FYmRWqTa36wDLCUaMsv&export=download
tc_mixed.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1-mBBXoJP6RWcUUImukCq0RRh_CRxrMPs&export=download
tc_movie+music.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1fhyW7LiwMzmv5iff192Bcmpv9yLg_2q5&export=download
tc_unreal-tournament.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1Ldm8nPLib1s545WSmxAx1_l1cZrONmHq&export=download
ultimate.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1LqT5ETzkVwcnRvpIugKGbmqb4dHNf5c9&export=download
ut2k4_vo-sounds_v1.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1lpsGpcgkxzJK9UR1FJXusPaOaXATFipo&export=download
ut3-spree-sounds.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1THsLx8P5AlQtlQCkYFjcLQ6o4jiRjJ54&export=download
weapon-sounds_sp.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1qJulRZkzMBqK2Bk9iLyf-JibcCcys_T_&export=download
wolfmap-funsounds.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1h-wr-XZNy-aZ6wx2VYEny4XS6GE4eB0f&export=download
ws-soundpack.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=11-xg6wRcVRyrIQXIxDqauBgkfjFA4jpM&export=download
x-mas-sounds_2009.zip https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1OsJlDYMRaFumvM78mFcHA7MWMCGFKeLi&export=download